Add doc changes to include the new fields in stack config policy (#7381)
elastic/cloud-on-k8s: docs/orchestrating-elastic-stack-applications/security/oidc-stack-config-policy.asciidoc

:parent_page_id: auth-config-using-stack-config-policy
:page_id: oidc-stack-config-policy
ifdef::env-github[]
****
link:https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/cloud-on-k8s/master/k8s-{parent_page_id}.html#k8s-{page_id}[View this document on the Elastic website]
****
endif::[]
[id="{p}-{page_id}"]
= OIDC using Elastic stack configuration policy

NOTE: This requires a valid Enterprise license or Enterprise trial license. Check <<{p}-licensing,the license documentation>> for more details about managing licenses.

TIP: Make sure you check the complete link:https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/elasticsearch/reference/current/oidc-guide.html[guide to setting up OpenID Connect with Elasticsearch].

Configuring OpenID Connect using Elastic Stack configuration policy

NOTE: This guide only provides simple examples of how to use the Elastic Stack configuration policy to configure OpenID Connect, for a complete guide please refer to the link mentioned above.

. Add OIDC realm to the `elasticsearch.yml` file using the `config` field under `elasticsearch` in the Elastic Stack configuration policy, also enable token service. 

+

> NOTE: Below snippet is an example of using google as OP, the values will change depending on the OP being used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NOTE: Below snippet is an example of using Goole as OpenID provider, the values will change depending on the provider being used.
```
